{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PPN data cleaning - minutes\
\
14.1.2019\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stephanie Chen would like to have access to a clean dataset for a work on clustering of the plants in the PPN sites. Needs: Plant_ID, number of rosettes, Site ID, within plots coordinates, plot and transect. Would wish to have them in the first half of this year. \
To provide this; within site coordinates have been cleaned by YB already; mind the fact that extra plot coordinates were left as such. \
Alain has to finish plot and transect cleaning. Once provided this, Maude will finish the plant_ID cleaning. Caroline is waiting for the cleaned Plant_ID to be able to check that the number of rosette per genet is indeed right. Once provided with this information, the number of rosette will be clean (num_rosettes)\
\
Question: MB: what about individuals whose multiple rosettes fall on different plots? YB: attribute to one plot only. \
RK: should I repeat the coordinates of the Site (from Site description sheet) on the transect coordinates in the demographic data sheet if the transect coordinates are missing, or not? YB: no, but do upload the P1T1 transect coordinate into the site description sheet if applicable. }